Selling a little or a lot, shopify helps you do your thing however you cha ching. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online Shop stage to the first real life store stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all in one ecommerce platform to their in person POS system. Wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers with the Internet's best converting checkout 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort thanks to Shopify Magic, your AIpowered allstar. What I love about Shopify is no matter how big you're trying to get, shopify gives you the tools you need to take control of your business and take it to the next level. Shopify powers 10% of all ecommerce in the US. And Shopify is the global force behind allbirds Brotheas and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's award winning 24/7. Help is there to support your success every step of the way because businesses that grow grow with Shopify sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com. Assets 23 all lowercase go to Shopify.com. Assets 23 now to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in, shopify.com assets 23 you welcome to Bollywood is for Lovers, part of the Alberta Podcast Network locally grown, community supported. I'm Aaron Fraser. And I'm Matt Bose. In this Netflix and Dill episode, we are finishing up our Madori Madden this month with a look at Midori Dixit's new Netflix mystery series, The Fame Game, in which she plays a Bollywood actress, Anamika Anand, who goes missing before the premiere of her latest movie. Will the police find Anamika? Was her family involved in her disappearance? Who is this superfan turned stalker? And could he be her secret love child with her favorite costar? Listen now to find out. Actually, no, we won't be answering any of these questions on air. Gua. What a twist. But listen anyways. But before we begin, we'd like to respectfully acknowledge that we record this podcast on Treaty Six territory, home to our First Nations and METI people. Matt March is winding down. We're getting it in just at the very end. And it's time for us to wrap up our month of Maturi Madness Month by discussing her new Netflix show. I thought this was very exciting, that a star of her kind of grander was starring in a Netflix series. Well, it's kind of the, I don't know, female equivalent of Saifile icon and Nawazadin Siddiqui in Sacred games. She's been around in the industry longer than most both of them. And I would say she's a much she's a bigger deal. Yeah. She has a shinier star. As much as I love those actors, I mean, people know how much I love I mean, you cannot in any way minimize the kind of when you talk about Bollywood glamour, metaridic shit is the epitome of Bollywood glamour. But those guys are pretty big stars in their own right, so maybe two of them equals one of her. But I guess it's testament to Netflix and the production companies they are working with that they're able to pull in these big stars. It was nice to see her again. Don't see her often enough. And usually it's been, like, item numbers in boring Sanjay Dutt films or boring Ark films. Yeah, it has been kind of a while. I mean, she's been in things here and there, but this does feel kind of like it both feels like her stepping back into the limelight. Not that she ever totally left the limelight after she kind of returned to the industry following her marriage, but this does feel like it feels like such a seismic step for a star of her stature. Well, it's a show all about her. Yeah, it's a show all about you know, I think especially here in the west, kind of in Hollywood, people used to see TV as a step down from movies. But I think that's really changed with the rise of prestige television. And I think it's also really changed with the rise of kind of these streaming shows. Do you know what it was that did it? I think it was 24. Kiefer Sutherland. Okay. Because that was network TV, too. But he was a star who was big in the then goes on 24. And I think that it was like, oh, we can have real movie stars on TV. And then obviously, you're after the races with Breaking Bad, et cetera, afterwards. But I think 24 was the linchpin. Even though I don't really like that show very much, I think it is just important to see that level of guy on screen. And I don't know, I think he was other than star, has really faded. Well, yeah, but at the time he was big six or seven seasons. I keep seeing the headline in the Globe of Mail, like, Why Kiefer Sutherland Won't Forget His Canadian Roots. And that just signals to me his Hollywood career. If you're remembering your Canadian roots, unfortunately, that means that your American star is on the yes. Yeah. I love Keith and have nothing negative about him, but I don't know if I entirely agree with your premise, but I do think there's something to not just the rise of prestige television, but the rise of prestige streaming shows. And so this feels like a very long movie. Right? This doesn't to me I mean, maybe people might disagree with this, but it doesn't, to me, feel at all like a big movie star is now slumming it in TV. To me, it feels like she's taking the star power and the gravitas. She has to have this whole show about herself. Yeah. She's not a guest star on someone else's show. This is a project designed with her from the get go. And we know a little bit know prior iterations of this show too, because it wasn't going to be exactly like this. So the Fame game was created by Sri Rao, friend of the show past guest. Buy his cookbook. We'll put a link. It's good. We use it all the time still. And we'll put a link to the episode that he was on long time ago. Like five years ago. Yeah. So he's the author of Bollywood Kitchen and he's also a TV producer and writer and a movie guy too. And a movie guy. Yeah. He produced New York and Badmash Company. He also was the head writer of a General Hospital spinoff. And we know because this was announced years ago that he's kind of been wanting to work on a project with Medara addiction for a long time. And so at one point it had been announced that he was working on a project with her that she was executive producing. And I believe Priyanka Chober Jonas was also involved. And that show was going to be kind of like about Madhura Dixit's life from when she moved to Colorado. Why did she move to Colorado? You should explain. Yeah, when she moved to Colorado to essentially become a soccer mom, I believe it was Denver, because she got married. She married a dentist. Right. And so she left the industry. And so it was going to be about her kind of this glamorous Bollywood star suddenly being a soccer mom. I still think that there's some juice to that though. It would be more of a sitcom. Yeah, I still think that's an interesting show and I don't know if she was ever planning on starring in that, but it's clearly kind of over the years now become this project, which I think is just as interesting. Maybe different. Yeah, it's definitely different. Her comedic chops that we've seen in movies are pretty good, but she's definitely great at drama. And I think this probably suits her better. And I think this is such a fun way for her to play on her star persona because again, very meta. It's not just and I mean, she is very clearly different than Anonymica, but I do think it is. This show doesn't work unless you have someone with her gravitas. Unless you have someone, someone you have a history with filmography, someone who the audience at least probably knows some of her movies and can kind of just project that. Yeah, exactly. So should probably give a bit of preamble. Show is called the Fame Game. I think we're into the amble now. We're not even on the preamble. At one point the show was called Finding Anamica. At some point, the title changed to the Fame Game. I've heard some people don't like this title. I don't like I don't think it's particularly indicative. It gets to that point. But from the get go, finding Anamica makes more sense. I do feel like I can see how this one would have better. Yeah. Yeah. We don't actually know who Anamaka is. Right. Yeah. So finding her is not that important. Whereas we do know kind of we have ideas of what the fame and the game of Bollywood is like, trying to stay on top. And I do think and we're not in the spoiler zone yet, but I do think for kind of maybe the first two thirds of the show, the title doesn't make much sense. And then it comes together in the end. Yeah. So I do think it works. It debuted on February 25, 2022. Very recent. Yeah. We got it in within a month. There are eight episodes. They're about 45 to 50 minutes. As we said, it was created by Sri Rao. It's from Dharmatic Productions. So Karen Johar has a hand in thing. I think we've seen the Dharmatic Productions, like, Front Door in something. Was it in AK versus AK? Or was it in something else? I do remember seeing the gates. It might even be in this too. Yeah. Well, and I assume this is, like, the TV arm of Dharma, right? Yeah. Do you want me to say the US? Tell me about the cast. So we have maduri dick shit as Anand slash Viju Joshi, which is her pre famed name. They don't actually really go into that that much. But her housekeeper calls her that all the time. And I think her mom does too. Sanjay Kapoor as Anamaka's husband. This guy is always great when you need, like, a douchebag. Like, just a mean jerk. He's great at playing that. He has the male equivalent of resting bitch faces. He just seems like he's up to something. And, yeah, he's a little sleazy in this. Manav Kohl as Manish Khanna, who is a sort of I guess you'd call him maybe a sharuk type. Someone who she was in a lot of movies with back in the day. And he really enjoyed that experience. And they had kind of a fling back in the day. He kind of feels like the Anil Kapoor equivalent. Just kind of like I think his persona is more sharuk because family man. Not the family man, but in his personal life, he kind of sees like, oh, yeah, he's a good dad. Whereas this guy is not a good dad. Categorically that's fair. But just in terms of not to say that Shahra Khan is not a good dad, but I think he does his house and people are hanging out around all the time. He kind of does that stuff. I more meant, like, he seems like the Neo Kippur in that he's her Jodie, right? Yes. In this universe. Yeah. Everyone loves the two of them together. He's a mismatch of a few different leading men, though. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Sharakat seems like a great dad, by the way. So does the Neil Kapoor. Yeah, they all do. Man of Kal. We've seen a lot of things, too. I do like him. He's usually kind of second fiddle a lot of the time, but I do appreciate whenever he shows up and stuff. So he gets a really good role in this. He's often kind of second fiddle, I guess you could say, to women as well. Like he's in Tamari sulu where he is vidya Balan's husband. And he's fantastic in that tapad. Like, he's in Sinai. He's in a lot of the bad guy in Tapad, as I recall. He's a different guy. Yeah. But he's in a lot of female centric movies. Yeah. And I think that's a really good niche to be in. Like, just be the handsome guy that's in, like, a Vidya Balan movie. You could keep doing that forever. It's pretty good gig. He's really good. I think he gets one of the more meteor roles in this. We've got suhassini. Mule as Anamaka's mom. Horrible mother. Don't like her at all. The actress does a good job because every time that character shows up, just like her again. Yeah. Reshree deshpande as chopa trivedi police Officer She's really good. So she's the cop who's called in to figure out where Anamaka went. I'll explain the plot in a second. Lakshvir Saran as Abinaj who's? The son. Kind of a weak link for me, but we'll get into this. Muskan jaffery as Amara, the daughter. That's a great role. She's a really good performance. Yeah. She's interested in becoming an actress, too, but she doesn't want to be a star kid. And she's always in her mother's shadow, so yeah, lots to chew on. She's trying to sort herself out. Yeah. And then we also have Gaga and Aurora as Madhav, who is a obsessed fan of Anamaka. And maybe a secret love child. Maybe a secret love child. Yeah. He's another element to the show. He's okay. Like, you kind of need, like, a weird guy. He's like if you've ever seen Perfect Blue, he's the guy who's kind of stalking the main character. He's not as scary, but he is that kind of guy. He's definitely not as scary. Yeah. So the show takes place just as Namika Anand, who is essentially a Madrid diction in this universe. She has a big new movie coming out with her. He hasn't been in the movie in a long time either. But this is like her comeback. She took time off to raise her kids and do all this stuff. Just like the real murder addiction. Yeah. And her husband is her producer. Yeah. He's producing this film, and he sunk a lot of money in this. It's like the comeback. We got to get back on top just because bills are piling up and her fame is slowly drickling away. Right? Yeah. There are some scenes at a party early on where a new young actress is like, oh, I loved watching your movies when I was a little kid. My mom loved watching your movies when she was a little kid. And do you have something coming up? So that's got to be kind of a blow to the ego, right? Yeah. And we should say that half of the show is set kind of after she disappears, when everyone is trying to figure out dealing with her disappearance, wondering where she is. And then the other half kind of shows the events leading up to her disappearance. These two halves are helpfully color cloak coded. Yes. So things take you place in the past I think it's like six months in the past all the way up to a couple weeks in the past. And you thought that these are very brown. I think they look like a Ferrero Rocher ad. Not in a bad way. Which is weird because this is primarily where Madrid dick shit's acting takes place. So she's in most of these scenes because it's all from her perspective. Right. I'm just know it does look kind of perfume chocolate commercial. I get that they should differentiate the two. The modern day stuff is very bleached out. Blue holder. Yeah. The very sort of characteristic, like a car riller look. Yeah. A car ad and sad people ad, that kind of thing. But yeah, the show crisscrosses in time between these two things as various family secrets are laid bare and the cop figures out kind of what's happened. And the different characters also, like her husband Manishkana, her kids, they're all sort of trying to figure out the mystery themselves, too. And it's one of those situations where if only they all talked to each other, they could probably figure it out a lot faster. But they're all on their own sort of individual journeys. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah. I like this show. I found it was a little slow going at the beginning because it had a lot of exposition to get through. Yeah. Because I kind of had to explain her whole life. Right. There's a lot of setting the scene and so I felt like it dragged a bit at the beginning, but then when it gets going episode five. Yeah, but when it gets going, it felt worth it. It felt like I didn't feel like it had been a waste of time. It's? Not yet. Cali kalyan. That was slow and a waste of time. This started off slow, but it got interesting. And I think I asked myself a couple of times, is this going to tie together or are all of these loose threads going to be dangling? And I do think that it comes to a really satisfying conclusion that manages to it's a very filmy conclusion. Yeah. And it manages to tie up all the threads while still leaving it open for a second season. Now, as of recording this, I haven't heard of a second season being announced. I was just I think they did say oh, really? Where? Because I was sri talked about it. He's definitely been saying on Facebook, like, it's doing really well, number one in India. So I believe it was announced, but we'll put in the show notes. I don't think it was because I couldn't find any evidence of it, but I think it's likely because the show's gotten pretty good reviews, and I think a lot of people have tuned in because they want to see meta addiction. It does end in such a way that it is satisfying if there isn't one, though. Yeah, that's true. It works out with lots of possibilities, but also you feel satisfied. Exactly. They tie up enough of the threads that it feels complete, but it does feel like it's open for a sequel. And I like that I'm not coming away from the show frustrated. And yeah, I do feel like laying the scene in those first few episodes, even if it kind of felt like they were a bit meandering at times or I wasn't entirely sure why we were spending some time with certain characters or why we were learning about some things. It does all click together in the end in a really satisfying way. I wouldn't say it's like some sort of Fincher puzzle box. No, you don't need to pay attention. Like, oh, there's like a key to something. Is that going to come up later? Like, it's not showing you clues. It's invested in this family. It's invested in the relationship you learn all about and the dynamics. And I think that's ultimately the thing that really it's what's driving the show, but it's also what draws you. So you get the central family, anamaka anan's family with her two children, her mother, her housekeeper and her husband. But then I think the way that it also kind of touches on Manish Khana's family. He's divorced, he's dealing with some mental health issues, and he's trying to have a relationship with his daughter. Yeah, she's in her 20s on her stalkers, kind of trying to understand who his family is. And then also on the her makeup artist. Her makeup artist. He's Billy. I like Billy. And then also on the police officer's side, she's a lesbian, and her and her partner have a son, and they're kind of custody battle. Yeah, they're finding themselves in a custody battle for their son. And I think all of that is it always brings you back to this question and this importance and the central theme in the show, which is about family and how you navigate the question of who your family is. Every family is a secret, this kind of thing. Yeah. And so I think it's that quote, right? Like, all happy families are the same, but every unhappy family is different in its own. Yeah, exactly. And so I think I found that really interesting because it's not just about her family. There's a larger theme of family. I think running through the show, you see where the fame part, that does enter the scene a bit later because it could be just a rich people family. Right. Like the filmy stuff you get a lot of like in her trailer and her relationship with her makeup artist. You get to see them filming a big dance number. And I will say the scenes you see of that dance number really satisfying. I think that's a really good fake dance number. It's a lot better than the scenes I've seen from the fake Bollywood dance number from the Eternals. I'm just saying. But they also use her really well. That is the sort of thing that you would be doing with Madari Dick Shit right now. That's how she's using movies right now. But if you're looking for something like luck by chance or even people hate this about T Smart Khan, like about the business of making movies, there isn't a lot of that. It kind of assumes that, you know, probably from your prior investment in Medaradikshit's career, just generally what the filmy business is not it's not expose on that, really. But by the end you could see a lot of that starting up. So, like, they have the music launch of the movie and they have previews and award ceremonies. And there's a conversation kind of near the end, though, and there's a conversation about Nepotism with her daughter. Yeah. She doesn't want to be considered a Stark even though she 100% is wanting can't get around that to be an actress. And again, I don't know. I think we've seen people kind of compare it unfavorably to Lek by chance. Yeah, it's not that kind of story. Yeah, I don't think they're just two very different things. It's not quite pulpy, it's not quite a soap like Yakali Kalyankin is, but you could call it like a Dynasty or Veronica Mars. Like a slickly produced show about rich people where there's a central mystery at the beginning of it. Well, I think there is people have a fascination with stardom and I think people especially have a fascination with actresses and with kind of the public persona that they present. I think of the constant obsession with or even what we saw with she when she played SilkSmitha in the Dirty Picture. That's probably the closest one. Yeah, that's probably a better comparison. Although, again, this is fictionalized. Dirty picture was mostly fictional. The Dirty Picture is also mostly fictionalized. But, you know, she's in a lot higher class movies and so Smitha was but I think there is this interest in kind of what's behind the curtain, what's behind that gorgeous public persona. Kind of like fan too. There's a bit of that there too, where you see a Shahrukh Khan alike being played by Shahrukh Khan and then you also see a weird little guy who sort of thinks that he is part of this person's family that is very fan. Fan is a much better comparison for this because I think it does start to become not about the industry, but about how fame has affected her life and makes people want to have a piece of her. She even tells her daughter, like, look, if you want to be an actress, I'll stand by you, but your life is not your own at this point. Your life belongs to them. You have to keep them happy. They keep you fed, and they're going to take up a lot more of your time than you think. And how fame has affected her family's life and how it's both, in many ways, a blessing and a curse for her. That's a really interesting idea that the show is digging into, and I think one that could really be explored in a really interesting way if it were to get a second season. I'm sure it's got to get a second season. It's really strong. It seems like it did really well, and the cast is pretty good, and you don't want to spoil too much, but they seem like most of them will still be available. But I will say so if we want to talk about the individual characters. Before we get to that, though, I did find that a lot of I guess I would say mostly the modern day stuff, but some of the previous stuff, I did find that there were some really interesting choices made in cinematography and sets. I'm thinking specifically costumes and costumes. I think we need to talk about costumes because costumes were great. This show does a really good job. You and Sal were talking about this on Twitter. A really good job of storytelling through costume. Yeah, but on the visual front, I'm thinking of a period when Amara is meeting Madhav at like a dock or I guess the beach, basically, and it is like pouring rain. And I was just looking at his coffee cup the whole time, just sitting there getting rain all over it. I was thinking know, that's interesting. I mean, they're using environmental storytelling to show the turmoil at the middle of the characters. And most shows would just shoot it at the beach. They wouldn't care to make it raining. Or there's a scene where someone gets beat up in the past and it's kind of shown super close cut and sort of out of focus. To show like this would be very complicated and confusing situation if you're getting your ass kicked that badly. So I think it does a lot more visually than a lot of Netflix shows really even try, even most streaming shows, apart from some of the Amazon Prime ones with their cool one takers and that kind of stuff. This brings a lot more to the party, I think. Yeah, everything really does feel in service of kind of the story that it's telling. And also these characters. It's a very character driven show. And so kind of what I was saying about the costumes is I think the show is telling you a lot with how the characters dress. Yeah. Because a lot of the time, ananaka Anand, she, when going to parties and stuff, wears, like, sort of formal Indian wear, but she's at home. She kind of has the long shirt, but it's just wearing, like, jeans and a shirt. You could see the difference between her public and private personas. She still looks glamorous, but it's more comfortable at home. They also have a really nice house. And I think also the difference between the way that her husband and Manish Khanna are costumed. Manish Khanna dresses like Shahrukh Khan. He's got, like, leather jackets. He's got sunglasses on. He looks cool. Whereas her husband looks like a dope. He looks like a rich dick, which he is. It's very clear. I don't know. Just those attention to detail know, I don't think you can take for granted. Yeah. I believe I told Sal that I was hoping that her son would get, like, an influencer gig or something. He's kind of the weak link in the show for is he's trying to understand his sexuality trying to understand his sexuality mental health issues. It's a little bit frustrating in that it is telegraphed to the audience extremely quickly what the problem is. Not the problem, but what he's trying to figure out. I think this is not me, like, calling my shot. I did call my shot on something else, and I feel pretty good about but you could tell that he's having sort of the stereotypical young guy doesn't know he's gay thing. Yeah, I don't think that's a huge spoiler. No, I don't think so. There are some things that I think are telegraphed pretty early on and pretty obviously that then when they finally happen, you're like, oh, we saw that coming. But, I mean, it's heavy handed foreshadowing, but I didn't think there was an issue. Didn't have a lot of other gears to go into. Like, he's sad because he can't figure this out. He has a friend who he's probably in love with, but just can't figure it out. He tries to kill himself. That's in the first episode. It's not a spoiler. So, yeah, we get he's sad about this, and he's sad about his mom, but none of it clicks until the very end. None of it clicks until the end. But it's also not like I'm that excited to see what happens. Whereas there's other characters I do want to see what's up with them. I think they've got more going on. So if I were to make a second season of this, I would make him, like, an annoying influencer type guy. Okay. Because I think that's a career path that a lot of star children go down. Fair. Because you don't actually. Need to do anything. You just need to be rich and go places. Fair. I'm not suggesting they do this, but I just think his character needs a boost. He does have a couple of really interesting scenes with a prostitute that I thought were that were good. They're interesting. I think the dialogue. I think what was more interesting was this is a small spoiler, but his mother finds out that he is with a prostitute and she's not particularly annoyed by this so much as he didn't have the dignity, the respect to learn her name. That pissed her off a lot because this is playing into in order to get the movie financed, they're dealing with this sort of gangstery guy and he wants to spend the night with Anamaka Island and she's like, no, but she's in the performance industry. Right. And so is the prostitute in a certain way. So she's feeling a little bit on edge because, really, a movie star, if you go with the sort of Elizabethan way of thinking about it, an actress is not that far off from being a prostitute already. So in the eyes of some people, that's why she's so mad at him, is that she knows that her life could have gone badly as well. And you do see a bit of her past too, and you're like, oh, this could have gone really differently for her. So there's a lot of great parts of that. It's just that you need mender addiction to show up in order to make that scene good. Well, and as the show goes on, the more you learn about her relationship with her mother nightmare the more you understand the way in which she has been exploited. She might have and this is a pretty common story with a lot of classic movie stars. She might have had all these fame and riches but she was also kind of the breadwinner for the family at a very young age and as a result, was expected to do certain things and was treated in a certain way. And that has made a lasting impact on her. It's the sort of thing you don't actually hear about that much anymore. But I'm sure it still recent. You must remember this series was on Dean Martin and Sammy Davis Jr. And talking about especially Dean Martin, the way that his managers essentially took all of his profits and passed them around between different managers until stars were able to get more control over their lives and their careers. They're essentially just know, show ponies basically getting passed around and they're doing all the work, but they don't really get a lot of the profit. Yeah, exactly. Well, I mean, just like there are so many Hollywood stars I could name like Judy Garland. I believe even Sri Devi was. I don't think Sri Devi had a life like Judy Garland. That's not what I'm trying to imply. I hope became was in movies very young as a child actress to support her family. And I believe Rekha has a similar story. Yeah. Anyone who was an actor or actress in the you were doing it to support your family and that money was going to your family and not you. Yeah, I think it's only fairly recently that actors have been able to command higher salaries. I remember reading something about that. I think it was yeah, it was the book about the making of Chinatown which I believe is called The Big Goodbye. I'll have to look that up. But it talks about the career of Jack Nicholson in that he's one of the first guys who could command a million dollar salary and it just sort of warped the industry around him. Once they could command these things and then the budget has to change and then the marketing has to change and it kind of warps the industry around big tempo figures and same thing in Bollywood. You get guys like Akshay Kumar who make a lot of movies but they also make a lot of money and the engine starts to turn around them rather than around stories and stuff. So, yeah, this show brings up a lot of interesting societal not archetypes, but just ways in which the movie industry isn't as glamorous as we think. Yeah, I just wish it wasn't called the Fame Game because to me that indicates more of like, oh, I don't know, a show about that show Empire or something like that, where it's about people who are at the top of their games kind of scheming against each other, where this is one woman who needs to reconcile her life and goes missing. I just think maybe you need to look at it from a different perspective. Again, it's about how the game of fame has impacted this woman and her family and her life. I do think the central mystery is not all that exciting. No. And also I called it yeah, it's very easy to figure out. Or maybe it's not easy to figure out, but it wasn't a huge surprise to us. I'm just steeped in filmy logic, is the thing. But I think, again, the show has for me, it wasn't about following the central mystery. No. I was watching Maduro addiction. I love watching it was about other things. And that's why I think, ultimately talking about these themes of family and stardom that's what the show is interested in, I think. Less so than being, like, a twisty mystery. Well, I found most of the characters interesting enough I guess you wouldn't really have the cop in this scenario but I found it interesting enough that you could just have a show about them normally without her going missing. Yeah. Their lives are just interesting. They're well drawn people. But it's a good, like, the hook maybe for this season, but we'll see what happens. I do think it's a good hook for kind of setting up kind of the central way that the story is told. But yeah, it's not the most interesting mystery. And that's okay. Yeah, they did a good job on the characters. Again, apart from her son, who I thought was okay, but for the most part, I was interested to see what they did and how they would react to each other. And the mom is a huge bitch. What did you think of the stalker? So I appreciated his acting chops, but every time that character show up, I cringed a lot. And I mean, you're probably not supposed to like him, but I think they do some interesting stuff with him. I agree with you. He's deeply unlikable, but I think is an interesting character. I think he works well. He's a predator. He's kind of drawing on Amara when her mother's missing and he's kind of insinuating himself into her life. And she's very sheltered, although we do see her at school and she doesn't seem to know a fair amount of people. So that kind of shatters that for me. But he's kind of worming his way in when the mother is gone. And you do see this happen with people. I'm thinking particularly of elderly actors. A lot of times their caregiver or their agent or somebody just kind of works their way in there and starts shooting money their own way or changing their will. That kind of oh, and Nicole Smith, too. People do like to take advantage of stars. I don't think she would. I mean, he's trying to take advantage of the family. He's trying to take advantage. She's too smart for him to take advantage of her. Dick Shake was there. Yeah, but she's not there. The family is open to being manipulated, but he sees his chance of taking advantage of her daughter. Do you remember that Simpsons, when they came town to shoot a movie? And at the end, Mickey Rooney's is like these poor Hollywood folks. They came with one goal in mind just to shoot a movie. And they're simple people. All they do is want to make people laugh, and your small town ways corrupted them. I don't see the comparison that you're making. To perfect blue. No, to the way that aging stars often get taken advantage of because she's way too smart for that. Well, she is, but again, her family isn't. Yeah, but I don't know if we know what his end goal is because we do know his end goal. And it is weird. He thinks that he owns her because she's in movies. Essentially, he thinks that he deserves to be in her house. Exactly. But his aims are not financial. Yes, but they are emotional blackmail, which that's just one of many things you could do to a poor family who is in need of any sort of hope. Right, but I don't want to say any last thoughts before we go to Spoiler Zone? It's good. Stick with it. Yeah. I would say the first two, you're in good hands. It might feel like a lot of exposition. And also maybe your own knowledge of Maduro Dixie's career is a plus or a minus. Because we don't really see a lot of her old movies or anything. We're just told that, yes, she's a very important star who is not really working anymore. At one point, her daughter's watching a scene from Kalong. Yeah, we do see that. And her daughter's, like, rehearsing her mother's lines from movies, too, so that's interesting. So, yeah, give it the first three, I guess. Stick with it. It's great. Like, dinner time show. Like, make your dinner and just sit down and watch an episode. This is a beautiful like, it looks good. They did a great job on the cinematography, and I like a lot of the actors. Yeah, it's got a good cast. Yeah. Okay, so spoiler zone. Spoiler zone. Shade the secret love child thing, because as soon as the stalker starts saying, like, I am your son, I am your secret love child, I'm like, no, he's not. He's crazy. This is great. And if he is her secret love child, I'm going to be really disappointed. And I was so happy that very clearly she's like, you are not my secret love child. Pretty quick afterwards that we hear that she got married to her husband, who is essentially her cousin as well, just because she got into trouble with mishkana in London and presumably had an abortion. Right. No, that's what I thought. The son is his kid. Oh, right. Yeah, never mind. Yeah, you're right. I forgot about that. Okay, so that whole thing is so well done, I think, with the stalker being like, I figured it out. This is why you had to leave London really quickly. This is why you guys haven't made a movie, and this is why you got married to your essentially cousin so fast. And he's an orphan. Yeah, I'm your secret love child. Plus, that actor does kind of look like the other guy, not so much like his father. Maybe I should have said, you're right out of the spoiler zone. The way she handles the stalker is amazing because she used her acting powers. Uses her acting powers and fantastic. And she knows, obviously, that he is not her secret love child because her son is her secret love child. She already knows. No, he'll never know because they were telegraphing his suicide hard. But that's why then when you find that out, you think about her son's mental health issues in a completely different light because Manish kind of is bipolar. Her son is very much struggling with his own stuff. I think this whole narrative ultimately redeems the character of the sun for me. Yeah, I guess I kind of forgot that about that a little bit. I do like that. The crazy guy's crazy dream. It's just a crazy dream. It happened. I love that he's just a crazy stalker guy who's obsessed with her, who's fabricated this idea in his head because he's an orphan, that his parents are, like, rich and famous and he had to be given up. So I like the lampshading. Like, no, you're not the secret love child. So it was such a like, because you dismissed the idea that there is a secret love child. There is a secret love child. Matt he might find out, though. Like, maybe he might I don't know. Maybe the dad gets killed and they need to determine blood type or something. And then he's not actually related because her husband knows now. Yeah. He's pretty pissed about it. Yeah. Anyway, as you would be, I guess. Do you want to talk about the other kind of big thing that happens in the end? I thought that was really well done. Yeah, that worked pretty well. It works really great. It kind of pointed towards abortion until then. Yeah. You see? And that's exactly the kind of melodrama stuff I love. Yeah. So the show ends with what I thought all along, is that it's the same thing as the Big Lebowski. She kidnapped herself, dude. Yeah. Right. Surprising guess. And it's in order to generate publicity for her movie because the family is broke, they're mortgaging the house, they're selling off all their assets, and they need a hit to stay in business. I think she also wants to get away from her husband. Yes. And she does frame him. Yeah. Because she wants him to go to jail. Yeah. Even though he gets out, like, right away. But it's also her stepping out of the limelight so that her daughter can take over, which she's willing to support her doing. But then at the last minute, her daughter backstabs her. Oh, come on. That was great. That was good. But the unintended consequence of this is that she is relying on her costar, who is somewhat fragile mentally, to make it through this whole thing, and he kills himself because he's depressed about her. So I don't know if that was in the cards. Probably not, because she said that she was in love with him and wanted to leave her husband for him. Billy's death is also yeah. And Billy dies. Billy dies in a horrible way, but he kind of deserves it because you find out that he was selling stuff to the press. He was, but I don't know if he deserved to die. That's pretty brutal. But yeah. Okay, so everyone inamaka Anan's life is a monster. Right? Like, they're all terrible. Her daughter and son are the least terrible, but they're still very annoying people. I don't think Manish Khan is terrible. He's okay. I think Manish Khan is dealing with some mental health issues. He's definitely trying to manipulate her emotionally, and if she actually was in love with her husband, that would be pretty bad. But we're kind of on their side because we don't like the husband. I think he wants to get his life together, and I think he loves her, but he doesn't know how to do yeah. Yeah. He's generally a good guy. Probably my favorite person on the show. Really? From maduri dick shit. Manav Kohl gives a great performance, and it's sad that we're not going to see more. But her mother monster, husband monster, I guess I shouldn't say it's sad that we're not going to see more of his character. There could always be more flashbacks. Yeah. Or he has a brother or something. It could be a double role. It's Bollywood. Yeah. What we just find out is that this one particular person's life, she's surrounded by people who are using her all the time. And it would have been great if she could have chucked her mother off a cliff or something. Or she's the worst person in the show. I do think it's really smart that the show sets up the central mystery of like, why did she disappear? Where is she? I mean, we know she's not dead by the end of the first episode. I think we know. Yeah. I hate it when we go to spoiler Zone and I think of stuff. I should have set aside a spoiler zone, but whatever. I think most people probably just listen to Spoiler Zone. I don't know. Let us know. Did you go straight here without watching the show? Are you still listening? Send us a message. Let's find out. Yeah, but I do like how it at the central mystery of, like, where is Anamaka Anon? But really the things that are unraveling are less to do on where she is and more to do with what's going on with her kids. So I think both the kind of reveal with her son and the reveal with her daughter. Is her daughter actually going to be good, though? I don't know. But her daughter is like I mean, it's not quite an All About Eve thing, but she's, like, planning on replacing her mom. She played her mom pretty well. She's played her mom pretty well. She's taken her mom's advice. I do think she kind of makes a rash decision to play her even more in the end because that's going to come around and bite her in the end. Yeah. I don't know if she's that calculated, which I think is interesting. Well, leaves it open for them to fight in the next season. But she's taken all of her mom's advice. It just doesn't seem like she's got the acting. She is also playing a fame game. Like her game her game is the game you should be watching and not Anamica. Yeah, possibly. I don't know. I don't know if I would watch it again with that in mind. But yeah, I guess she is a better actor than I gave her credit for. Yeah. I think, like, the actress playing her. No, the character the actress was good. It's just the character is doing a very good job of acting like she doesn't know what's happening. Yeah, I think it's a really compelling show and it comes together in the end, and I really liked it. Yeah, well, let's say that again outside of the Spoiler song. Okay. In a world where boring dinners and ungrateful children make cooking almost unbearable whoa. That's a little too dramatic. Let's try this again. I'm Heather Dyer. I'm Erin Walker. And I'm Sarah somasundaram this is Three Kitchen, a podcast about home cooking. Whether you like cooking or you just like eating, join us to talk about food. We'll have new episodes of Three Kitchens every Tuesday. Wherever you listen to podcasts Three Kitchens, they'll tickle your funny bone, wet your appetite, and warm your heart. Did that guy think he was Bruce Wayne? I kind of liked it, actually. He made us sound super badass. With Pod Power, our sponsors are making it possible for us to amplify the voices of Albertans and Alberta podcasters. This episode, Edmonton Community Foundation is helping us give a Pod power shout out to overdue finds. Overdue Fines is an Edmonton Public Library podcast. Bryce Crittenden and Carolyn Land host conversations about books, movies, music, pop culture, and other interesting news about Edmonton. It's a great way to learn more about what's happening at EPL and how you can use your library card to access all of EPL's in person and online services. To listen and find out more about Overdue Fines, head to EPL CA podcast. So I think it's ultimately like a really compelling show that just really came together in the end for me. I just think the last episode wrapped it up also nicely, that I really enjoyed it and I think it's a really easy watch. And your addiction is great. It's just a very enjoyable show. Very good. Like I said, starts off a little slow, but pay attention. It's not one that like, keep thinking about or that I'm trying to. Well, what's the best Netflix Hindi show? I think it's sacred games. Still sacred games. But this is then Delhi Crime is really good too. Delhi crime is really good. I think this is maybe third or fourth, but when you compare to those two, that's pretty. I think I still think Amazon is beating them. Yeah, it pains me to say because I hate Amazon as a company, but this is a good next showing for Netflix and a good proof of concept. Like, we do another season of this or work with him on another show because he did a good job on this one. Yeah. And I think this is an easy watch that has a lot more depth than maybe it appears that it does. Speaking of things that hopefully have more depth than what they do, what are we doing next in two weeks? Well, 83 is finally on Netflix. Haircut, the movie no wigs. The wigs. The movie all about wigs and we weren't able to see it for our 2021 wrap up. I don't know if you heard. Yeah, there was a whole thing. So we're going to be doing we're going to watch it because I'm sure everyone's dying to know what we think of 83, since it wasn't in our because we're such experts on cricket, I think we need to see what we think of the actual depiction of the game. So we're going to do some cricket biopics. I suspect we're only going to get to two because they're long. They're long, which means I'm going to have to suffer through Emma Stoney Again, which is a film that I did not like when it came out, despite my love of Sushant Singh Rajput. Might be emotional to rewatch that one, but yeah, retroactively, at the very least, we'll watch those two. There are obviously other cricket biopics, but I think those are kind of the two big ones. Yeah. So stay tuned for Sticky Wickets coming up. In the meantime, Matt, how can people keep up with the show? At Bollywood Pod at Matt Underscore Bowes at Aaron Efrazer Facebook.com bollarders for lovers. Tumblr.com bollywoods for lovers. Rate and review us on your favorite platforms, maybe. Let us know. Please let us know. We haven't had a review in so long. Please, we need a crumb of review. Yeah, and then you can collect your biffle points. While you're doing that, you can check out my other shows that I was with Paul, Matt, with Chuck called Trash on the Movies. We're just taking a little break right now, but there will be last one. You did amadeus and listomania. That was a fun episode. Yeah, I was actually pretty shocked by how much I like both of those movies for different reasons, actually. Completely opposite. Very different, actually. No, Amadeus had some pretty body stuff in it, but nothing's going to beat Listomania with like a twelve foot long dick flying through the air. Yeah. On that note, Becca Dalkey for our artwork and yeah. Please come back. Let us know. Please come back. Please listen to us. Let us know what you think of the fame game and the show and Hollywood. If you heard my secret message in the spoiler zone, let us know because I am genuinely curious because I'm not spoiler averse. No, I know some people are. I feel like if you didn't want to know spoilers for the show, you're probably just not going to listen to the episode. Right? That's how I usually am. Not until you have watched the show. Yeah, I'm not spoiler averse because I think knowing what happens in something and actually experiencing what happens in something are very different. If a movie is so based on a twist that you need it in order to enjoy it, it's probably not that great. With the exception being the 6th Sense, because that was great. I think that that was an amazing twist. I think even knowing, I do think that's one of the all time greatest twists that in Planet of the Apes and Talasha had the same one. Okay, we're done. Bye. Selling a little or a lot, shopify helps you do your thing. However you chaching, shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online Shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or offering outdoor outfits, shopify helps you sell everywhere, from their all in one e commerce platform to their in person POS system. Wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers with the Internet's best converting checkout 36% better on average compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort, thanks to Shopify Magic, your AIpowered all star. What I love about Shopify is no matter how big you're trying to get, shopify gives you the tools you need to take control of your business and take it to the next level. Shopify powers 10% of all ecommerce in the US. And Shopify is the global force behind allbirds Brotheas and Brooklyn and millions of other entrepreneurs of every size across 175 countries. Plus Shopify's award winning 24/7. Help is there to support your success every step of the way, because businesses that grow, grow with Shopify sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com. Assets 23 all lowercase go to Shopify.com. Assets 23 now, to grow your business, no matter what stage you're in, shopify.com assets 23.